---
layout: post
cover: 'assets/images/cover4.jpg'
navigation: True
title:  "Maps - Maroon 5"
date: 2023-03-02
tags: speeches
subclass: 'post tag-speeches'
logo: 'assets/images/ghost.png'
author: jekyll update
categories: jekyll update
---

I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.

I have a **dream** today!

I have a dream that one day, down in Alabama, with its vicious racists, with its governor having his lips dripping with the words of "interposition" and "nullification" -- one day right there in Alabama little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers.

I have a **dream** today!

I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, and every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight; "and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together."

And this will be the day -- this will be the day when all of God's children will be able to sing with new meaning:

>  My country 'tis of thee, sweet land of liberty, of thee I sing.
>  
>  Land where my fathers died, land of the Pilgrim's pride,
>  
>  From every mountainside, let freedom ring!

And if America is to be a great nation, this must become true.

And so let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire.

>  Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York.
>  
>  Let freedom ring from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania.
>  
>  Let freedom ring from the snow-capped Rockies of Colorado.
>  
>  Let freedom ring from the curvaceous slopes of California.

But not only that:

>  Let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia.
>  
>  Let freedom ring from Lookout Mountain of Tennessee.
>  
>  Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi.
>  
>  From every mountainside, let freedom ring.

And when this happens, and when we allow freedom ring, when we let it ring from every village and every hamlet, from every state and every city, we will be able to speed up that day when all of God's children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics, will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual:

*Free at last! Free at last!*

*Thank God Almighty, we are free at last!*